README.md, before:

# Classic Games Library

A collection of classic games implemented in **Java** using **Swing** for GUI development. This project features multiple games with interactive UI elements, score tracking, AI opponents, and dynamic puzzle generation. A **centralized Game Launcher** allows seamless navigation between games.

## Games Included
- **Hangman** - Guess the word before you run out of attempts.
- **Snake** - Grow the snake by eating food while avoiding collisions.
- **Memory Matching Game** - Flip cards and match pairs.
- **Sudoku** - Solve a randomly generated 9x9 Sudoku puzzle.
- **Tic-Tac-Toe** - Play against another player or an AI opponent.
- **2048** - Merge tiles to reach the 2048 tile.
- **Checkers** - Capture all opponent pieces to win against another player or an AI opponent. 

## Features
- **Dynamic UI Updates**: Real-time game interactions and feedback.
- **Score Tracking**: Keeps track of player performance.
- **AI Opponents**: Play against computer-controlled players in supported games.
- **Randomized Puzzles**: Sudoku and Hangman provide new challenges every time.
- **Centralized Game Launcher**: Easily switch between games without restarting the application.

## Installation
1. Ensure you have **Java 8 or higher** installed.
2. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/classic-games-library.git
   ```
3. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd classic-games-library
   ```
4. Compile the project:
   ```sh
   javac -d bin src/*.java
   ```
5. Run the Game Launcher:
   ```sh
   java -cp bin GameLauncher
   ```

## How to Play
1. Launch the **Game Launcher**.
2. Select a game from the menu.
3. Enjoy and challenge yourself!

## Game Instructions!
1. Snake: Press the Arrow Keys to move the snake around!
2. 2048: First use the mouth and touch the game, then use the arrow keys to move the direction desired.
3. Hangman: Enter characters or use a hint to solve the word!
4. Memory Matching: Select 2 tiles and if they match you found a pair!
5. Sudoku: A Classic game of Sudoku, arrange rows and colums in 1-9
6. TicTacToe: Select either Single or Multiplayer and get 3 in a row!
7. Checkers: Choose Single or Multiplayer and capture all of your opponent's pieces.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to improve a game or add a new feature:
- Fork the repository.
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-name`).
- Commit your changes (`git commit -m "Description of changes"`).
- Push to your branch (`git push origin feature-name`).
- Open a pull request.

Commit message:

Updated README and GameLauncher.java to include Othello game

README.md, after:

# Classic Games Library

A collection of classic games implemented in **Java** using **Swing** for GUI development. This project features multiple games with interactive UI elements, score tracking, AI opponents, and dynamic puzzle generation. A **centralized Game Launcher** allows seamless navigation between games.

## Games Included
- **Hangman** - Guess the word before you run out of attempts.
- **Snake** - Grow the snake by eating food while avoiding collisions.
- **Memory Matching Game** - Flip cards and match pairs.
- **Sudoku** - Solve a randomly generated 9x9 Sudoku puzzle.
- **Tic-Tac-Toe** - Play against another player or an AI opponent.
- **2048** - Merge tiles to reach the 2048 tile.
- **Checkers** - Capture all opponent pieces to win against another player or an AI opponent. 
- **Othello** - Flip your opponent's pieces to maximize your score. 

## Features
- **Dynamic UI Updates**: Real-time game interactions and feedback.
- **Score Tracking**: Keeps track of player performance.
- **AI Opponents**: Play against computer-controlled players in supported games.
- **Randomized Puzzles**: Sudoku and Hangman provide new challenges every time.
- **Centralized Game Launcher**: Easily switch between games without restarting the application.

## Installation
1. Ensure you have **Java 8 or higher** installed.
2. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/classic-games-library.git
   ```
3. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd classic-games-library
   ```
4. Compile the project:
   ```sh
   javac -d bin src/*.java
   ```
5. Run the Game Launcher:
   ```sh
   java -cp bin GameLauncher
   ```

## How to Play
1. Launch the **Game Launcher**.
2. Select a game from the menu.
3. Enjoy and challenge yourself!

## Game Instructions!
1. Snake: Press the Arrow Keys to move the snake around!
2. 2048: First use the mouth and touch the game, then use the arrow keys to move the direction desired.
3. Hangman: Enter characters or use a hint to solve the word!
4. Memory Matching: Select 2 tiles and if they match you found a pair!
5. Sudoku: A Classic game of Sudoku, arrange rows and colums in 1-9
6. TicTacToe: Select either Single or Multiplayer and get 3 in a row!
7. Checkers: Choose Single or Multiplayer and capture all of your opponent's pieces.
8. Othello: Select Single or Multiplayer and maximize your score by flipping pieces. 

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to improve a game or add a new feature:
- Fork the repository.
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-name`).
- Commit your changes (`git commit -m "Description of changes"`).
- Push to your branch (`git push origin feature-name`).
- Open a pull request.
